>Using proper pseudo-code, describe the following primitive algorithms:
Making coffee;
A:
```
FUNCTION makeCoffee
    Add coffee in coffee machine
    Add water to coffee machine
  THEN Start coffee machine
  WHILE (coffee cup is not full)
    Do keep filling cup of coffee
  END WHILE
  IF (sugar is required)
    THEN Add two sugars
    ELSE don’t add two sugars
  ENDIF
    Add two creams
    Serve
END
```
Washing dishes;
A:
```
FUNCTION washDishes
  Add soap to sponge
THEN scrub sponge on dish
  Dry dish
 IF (soap is required)
  THEN Add more soap
  ELSE don't add soap
 ENDIF
END FUNCTION
```

A choice of your own. Check out a book.;
```
FUNCTION checkoutBook(book, guest)
 IF guest.accountActive THEN
  PRINT "Your books have been issued."
 ELSE 
  SET book.status to "Checked Out"
 IF NOT(guest.hasOverdueBooks) THEN
  PRINT "Unable to check out book."
 IF guest.outstandingFees = 0 THEN
    PRINT "Unable to check out book."
 END IF
END FUNCTION
```
>As with the knot algorithm, there may be more than one way to solve the problem. It is essential to try to pick the best algorithm for a situation. Name three companies who created an algorithm that made them successful, e.g., Google's search algorithm. It doesn't need to be a tech example (such as a recipe or manufacturing a product). Google's algorithm produces more relevant results than other search engines; what about each of your cases make them stand out?

A: Netflix utilizes the millions of bits of data they have to predict which shows and movies users would like to watch through their service. Netflix has a ton of data on their watchers – including the content they watch, how much of it they watch as well as demographic data. The company then uses this information to predict which content will likely be successful if streamed through the service and what the common success points between them are. Netflix also utilizes a well-refined recommendation algorithm to predict what users will likely want to watch.

Facebook can predict likely preference patterns based on millions of pieces of demographic information and user activity. Facebook can go as far as predicting the evolution and demise of romantic relationships. According to data scientists at the company, relationships that last more than three months on the social network are likely to survive for years. By looking at connections and communication patterns, Facebook can even predict who might be in a relationship next.

Match.com uses a sophisticated predictive algorithm known as a synapse to predict possible matches. This algorithm takes into consideration not only stated user preference but also the activity and browsing patterns of users to predict likely matches.

>Hypothesize about what constitutes an efficient algorithm versus an inefficient algorithm.

A: An algorithm is considered efficient if its resource consumption, also known as computational cost, is at or below some acceptable level. It will run in a reasonable amount of time or space on an available computer, typically as a function of the size of the input. An inefficient algorithm would take up too much time or space on a computer.
